Add additional information for jupyter examples (#734)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: examples/notebooks/README.md

# :snake: Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn* notebooks

This folder contains examples of python notebooks that use Intel(R) extension for Scikit-learn for popular datasets.  

#### :rocket: Jupyter startup guide

> You need Jupyter* notebook to run the following .ipynb files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run python notebooks with help Jupyter* notebook the following:
```

# :snake: Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn* notebooks

This folder contains examples of python notebooks that use Intel(R) extension for Scikit-learn for popular datasets.  

#### :rocket: Jupyter startup guide

> You can run python notebooks with help Jupyter* notebook the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use python notebooks with the help of Jupyter* notebook to run the following files:
```

```bash
pip install notebook scikit-learn-intelex
```  

> Run Jupyter* after installation:

Reviewer: You use first mentioned above
```suggestion
Run Jupyter after installation:
```

| KNeighborsClassifier   |       MNIST     | [View source on GitHub](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/master/examples/notebooks/knn_mnist.ipynb) |    [sklearn.neighbors.KNeighborsClassifier](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.neighbors.KNeighborsClassifier.html) |
|        NuSVR           | Medical charges | [View source on GitHub](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/master/examples/notebooks/nusvr_medical_charges.ipynb) | [sklearn.svm.NuSVR](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.svm.NuSVR.html) |
| RandomForestRegressor  |     Yolanda     | [View source on GitHub](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/master/examples/notebooks/random_forest_yolanda.ipynb) | [sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestRegressor](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestRegressor.html) |

> <details><summary>[Click to expand] ℹ️ Time measurements in Python Notebooks </summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary>[Click to expand] ℹ️ Time measurements in python notebooks </summary>
```

> Training and inference times are measured using the [**%%time**](https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html#magic-time) function. This shows 2 times:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The training and inference times are measured using the [**%%time**](https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html#magic-time) function. It appears 2 times:
```

> - CPU times: **sys** - the operating system CPU time due to system calls from the process;  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CPU times: **sys** - the operating system CPU time due to the system calls from the process;  
```

Reviewer 2: Also, maybe divide it like that: 
-CPU times:
  - **sys**-......
  - **user**-....

-**Wall time** - ....
It will not confuse users, since we mention that it appears 2 times, but here are 3 bullets.
